.\" Contact akroshchenko@mirantis.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "02 Jun 2016" "45.0" "pkgos.make man page"
.SH NAME
pkgos.make \- helper with useful functions for maintainers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pkgos.make
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pkgos.make
uses exist .init.in file to generate appropriate init script, systemd unit and
upstart job if these files are absent. This make file also contains some common
functions which can be useful for maintainers:
.PP
.PD 5
.TP 10
.B \-gen-init-configurations
this function is responsible for generating init script, systemd unit
and upstart job.
.TP
.B \-gen-author-list
generates list of authors taken from git log.
.TP
.B \-gen-upstream-changelog
generate changelog file for debian distribution from git log.
.TP
.B \-get-orig-source
downloads the new upstream tarball by using uscan.
.TP
.B \-fetch-upstream-remote
downloads package from the upstream
(https://github.com/openstack/<package_name>). The package_name is determined
by the package of the current directory.
.TP
.B \-gen-orig-(xz|gz|bz2)
creates original tarball by using (xz|gz|bz2) data compressor.
.TP
.B \-get-master-branch
create master branch.
.TP
.B \-get-vcs-source
is the pipeline of the functions fetch-upstream-remote, gen-orig-xz,
get-master-branch.
.TP
.B \-versioninfo
write package version to the versioninfo file.
.TP
.B \-display-po-stats
displays number of translated messages for each .po file in debian/po.
.TP
.B \-call-for-po-trans
this functions calls podebconf-report-po with specific parameters.
.TP
.B \-regen-manifest-patch
generate list of all files of the package and write it to the MANIFEST.in.
.SH OPTIONS
.B pkgos.make
does not take any options
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP 5
.TP
.B For calling functions above use next syntax:
\/./debian/rules <function_name>
.TP
.B Downloading upstream tarball:
\/./debian/rules get-orig-source
.PP
As a result downloaded tarball will be placed into build-area folder which
should be exist and placed above the current project folder.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpkgos-gen-systemd-unit\fR(\fB8\fR),
\fBpkgos-gen-upstart-job\fR(\fB8\fR),
\fBuscan\fR(\fB1\fR),
\fBpodebconf-report-po\fR(\fB1\fR),
\fBquilt\fR(\fB1\fR).
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Script is written by Thomas Goirand <zigo@debian.org>
.TP
Man page is written by Andrii Kroshchenko <akroshchenko@mirantis.com>
